Supreme deities
Perun	Perun is the god of lightning and thunder,  as well as of war,  and the patron of the druzhina. He is the etymological and functional continuator of the Proto-Indo-European thunder god *Perkʷunos, and shares many characteristics with other thunder gods worshipped by Indo-Europeans. He is mentioned most notably in Primary Chronicle, where a grey-haired and golden-moustached statue of Perun is described in temple on Old Kyiv Hill, and Third Novogorod Chronicle, where his statue is described in Peryn, and in many texts warning against paganism. His name survived in spells and in proper names. Armed usually with an axe, hammer, or spear, he fights chaos demons. His figure is preserved in folklore primarily in the form of saint Elijah and saint George.

Veles	Veles is a god of multiple functions, such complexity making comparison with other deities difficult. A chthonic deity, he rules over the underworld, to which, as psychopomp he conducts the souls of the dead, leading them out into the meadows of the beyond. As the god of wealth, he is associated with the care of cattle (cattle rather than money being, in ancient times, the primary form of wealth). Furthermore, like the Germanic Odin he is the patron deity of poets and other artists and also of those who practice magic (poetry having been intimately connected with magic in the past). The etymology of his name likely connects it with Slavic words associated with death. Mentioned primarily in Primary Chronicle; his name also often appears in proper names. His animal incarnations are bull or ox, dragon or zmey. His figure is preserved in folklore primarily in the form of saint Nicholas and the devil.
Other deities
Dazhbog	Dazhbog is a sun god. His name, meaning "god of giving", may suggest that he was also a god of abundance. He appears in the Primary Chronicle, where he is described as the son of Svarog, in The Tale of Igor's Campaign, as well as in folk songs and proper names. By some researchers he is identified with Svarozhits, or is considered to be his brother.

Svarozhits	Svarozhits is a fire god mentioned in minor East Slavic texts. He is also mentioned by Bruno in a letter to King Henry II and later in Thietmar's Chronicle as the chief deity of Rethra, the main political center of the Veleti. His name is generally translated as "son of Svarog", less commonly as "little, young Svarog". Generally identified with Radegast, less commonly with Dazhbog.

Personifications
Dola	Dola is the personification of fate and destiny. Dola was assigned to a person at birth and stays with him for the rest of his life. It may be inherited from ancestors. It is generally invisible, but may have manifested in human or animal form. The opposite of Dola, understood as good fortune, was Nedola, the personification of bad fortune. Etymologically related to the Slavic words divide, part.
Mat Zemlya	Mat Zemlya is a personification of the Earth appearing mainly in East Slavic texts but remaining in most Slavic languages. Perhaps epithet of Mokosh.
Rod	Rod is a figure, spirit, or deity often mentioned in minor East and South Slavic texts, generally along with Rozhanitsy. Etymologically related to the Slavic words for "family", "kin", "giving birth", etc. Bloodless sacrifices were offered to him. There is no consensus in scholarship about Rod's status in mythology.
Rozhanitsy	Rozhanitsy ("Givers of life"), Sudenitsy ("Givers of fate"), and Narechnitsy ("Givers of destiny") are female spirits or deities of fate. They appear in the plural or as a single entity. In East and South Slavic sources they are often mentioned together with Rod. Their main function is to determine the child's fate for life, then they leave an invisible mark on his forehead. Man's fate was symbolized by the thread of life, on the length of which, measured by the Rozhanitsy, depended the length of man's life. Bloodless sacrifices were offered to them.
Zorya	Zorya is the personification of the dawn. She is the Slavic continuation of the Proto-Indo-European goddess of dawn *H₂éwsōs and has many of her characteristics: she lives overseas on the island of Bujan, opens the door for the Sun to go on its daily journey across the sky, also has a golden boat. Zora can be a single figure, two figures, or three. She appears in Christianized prayers and orders.
Zvezda	Zvezda, Utrenica, or Danica is the personification of the Morning Star or planet Venus as seen in the sky before sunrise.

West Slavic deities
Name	Image	Worshipped by	Details
Svetovit	Rani	Svetovit is the chief god of the Slavic Rani. His cult is described by Helmold of Bosau and Saxo Grammaticus. Theonym comes from the word svęt "holy, sacred" with the suffix vit "lord". His main temple was located on Arkona. Inside the temple was his statue, described by Saxo as a four-headed statue holding an ornate horn in his right hand; there was also a large sword and other artifacts. The horn and white horse, dedicated to him, was used for divination. The theocratic rule of his priests limited the rule of knyaz.
Triglav	Triglav is a god mentioned in the Life of St. Otto and in the chronicle describing the capture of Slavic Brenna. He had a golden statue whose eyes and mouth were covered. A black horse, which was used by preachers to foretell the future, and a holy oak were dedicated to him. The three heads may symbolize the tripartite division between heaven, earth, and the underworld.
Radegast	Radegast is a god mentioned by Adam of Bremen, and the information is repeated by Helmold. He was to occupy the first place among the gods worshipped at Rethra. Earlier sources state that the main god of Rethra was Svarozhits, thus Radegast is considered to be a epithet of Svarozhits or a local variant of his cult. A white horse was dedicated to him, and he himself was depicted wearing armor and a helmet. It is generally believed that his name is composed of the words rad "glad" and gost "guest". A modern statue of him is standing on the mountain Radhošť, which is also named after him.
Yarovit	Yarovit is a Polabian god mentioned in the Life of St. Otto, where a festival dedicated to him is described, for which the city was decorated. From the description and etymology, it is clear that he is a war god, and his temple contained a gold adorned shield. According to many researchers, Yarovit is identical to the East Slavic Yarylo.
Zhiva	Zhiva is a goddess mentioned by Helmold. According to him, next to Radagast and Prone, she is the most important deity of the Slavs. Probably identical with the Polish deity Żywie mentioned by Jan Długosz. A theonym related to the word živeti "to live".
Prone	Proue is a distorted name of a god mentioned by Helmold. This theonym is interpreted in several different ways: some scholars translate the name as Prove (from Slavic word pravo "law"), while others translate the name as Prone, a local variant of Perun's name. Helmold makes it clear that Proue, unlike other deities, did not have a statue, but an oak grove near Starogard, where courts were held every monday, was dedicated to him.
Rugiaevit	Rugievit is a god mentioned by Saxo Grammaticus and in the Knýtlinga saga. He was worshipped in Gardec on Rügen, where his temple was located, as well as Porevit and Porenut. His statue was made of oak wood, had a head with seven faces, seven swords at his belt and an eighth in his hand. According to Saxo, he was a war deity, also associated with the sexual sphere. The interpretation of his name remains a matter of debate.
Porevit		Porevit is a god mentioned by Saxo Grammaticus and in the Knýtlinga saga. He was worshipped in Gardec on Rügen, where his temple was located, as well as Rugieavit and Porenut. Statue of him had five heads, and importantly did not have any weapons. The meaning of the name is unclear, perhaps meaning "Lord of strength".
Porenut	Porenut is a god mentioned by Saxo Grammaticus and in the Knýtlinga saga. He was worshipped in Gardec on Rügen, where his temple was located, as well as Rugiaevit and Porevit. His idol had four faces and a fifth on his chest, which he held up with his hands. The etymology is debated.
Chernoglav	Chernoglav is a god mentioned in the Knýtlinga saga. He is described there as a god of victory with a silver mustache.
Podaga	Podaga is a god who, according to Helmold, had his image in Plön. Meaning of the theonym is explained as "power, might". It was suggested that the name Podaga is identical with Długosz's Pogoda.
Devana	Devana is the goddess of wildlife, forests, the moon and hunting. Mentioned by Jan Długosz as a Polish equivalent of Diana. Devana, as Dživica, was also present in Lusatian folklore. She appears in Silesian customs together with Morana, which may indicate a double nature of these goddesses. Etymology of the name of the goddess is a subject of discussion. In Christian folklore, she may have been replaced by Our Lady of Thunder Candle.
Morana	Morana is the goddess of vegetation, but also of death and winter. She was mentioned by Jan Długosz as a Polish equivalent of Ceres. Burning or drowning Morana's image in the river is supposed to chase away winter and bring back spring, and this tradition is still alive in modern Poland, Slovakia, Moravia and parts of Bohemia. She appears in Silesian customs together with Devana, which may indicate the dual nature of these goddesses.

East and South Slavic deities
Stribog		Stribog is the god of the wind. Mentioned in the Primary Chronicle and The Tale of Igor's Campaign. He may also have been worshipped in Poland. His name is interpreted as the " spreading god".
Khors		Khors is a deity with unclear functions mentioned in the Primary Chronicle and The Tale of Igor's Campaign, as well as other minor sources. For many years he was interpreted as a sun god, supported by the theory that the name is a loan from one of the Iranian languages and means "Sun". In recent years, this etymology has come under strong criticism, and a native etymological link to fertility is suggested instead. His idol was allegedly located in Pskov.
Mokosh	Mokosh is a goddess mentioned in the Primary Chronicle and other minor texts. She is generally interpreted as Mother goddess. She appears in folklore as a creature with a large head and hands who shears sheep and spins flax, also associated in some way with masturbation. Etymologically related to the word mokrъ "wet". In Christianity she is continued by St. Paraskeva and St. Anastasia.
Simargl	Simargl is a deity mentioned in the Primary Chronicle, and mentioned in the Sermon by One Who Loves Christ in two entities: Sim and Rgl. Although the sources do not indicate any functions of this god it is believed that he is associated with the care of plants, as indicated by the god's name, which was borrowed by the Slavs from the Iranian Simurgh, a winged, dog-headed guardian of plants.
Svarog		Svarog is a god mentioned in the Primary Chronicle in a passage that is a Slavic translation of the Chronicle of John Malalas. This source depicts Svarog as the counterpart of the Greek Hephaestus, and the father of Dazhbog. The function and etymology of the god are unclear: according to some scholars he is related to the Slavic word svar meaning "quarrel", while according to others he is related to the Indian svar meaning "radiance", "sky", "sun". Based on etymology, interpreted as the smith god, or as the god of the sky.

Deities of uncertain status
Chernobog and Belobog – alleged deities of bad fortune and good fortune.
Diva – theonym mentioned by Sermon by Saint Gregory.
Diy – theonym mentioned in Sermon and Revelation by the Holy Apostles. Possibly related to sky or rain.
Hennil or Bendil – an agricultural deity mentioned by Thietmar.
Yarilo – East Slavic ritual and ritual figure attested since the 18th century Interpreted as a deity of vegetation.
Karna and Zhelya – assumed personifications of weeping for the dead among the East Slavs, appear in The Tale of Igor's Campaign.
Korab, a deity found in old Croatian mythology, associated with the sea, navigation and fishing, that was reportedly the eponym of the island of Rab, the mountain of Korab and a kind of a boat.
Kresnik – character in Slovenian folklore. Together with his brother, Trot, he flew in a golden chariot. He fought the Zhmij or Dragon in sky or on earth, who stole his cattle or abducted his wife. Identified with Perun.
Kruh – a Polabian god. Perhaps related to Khors.
Lel and Polel – alleged Polish divine twins first mentioned by Maciej Miechowita as counterparts of Castor and Pollux.
*Ljutobog – hypothetical name of a Polabian deity. Reinhold Trautmann, on the basis of the Polabian village of Lutebuk, probably located on the island of Usedom, first attested in 1238, and which burned down in the 17th century, proposed the existence of a "harsh god" (luty "harsh") as opposed to the "white god".
Nyja – Alleged Polish deity of death, compared to Pluto.
Ognyena Maria – figure in East and South Slavic folklore. Sister of St. Elijah (Perun), associated with lightning and an arrow, her feast day was 17 July.
Pereplut – theonym mentioned in Sermon by the Holy Father Saint John Chrysostom.
Perperuna and Dodola – pagan folk festival celebrated in the Balkans that was used to bring rain. Some scholars suggest that the name of the festival originally may have been the name of a goddess, the wife of Perun.
Pizamar – deity mentioned in the Knýtlinga saga. The exact reading of the name is unclear, which has led some scholars to suggest that the author understood the ordinary name as a theonym.
Pogoda – alleged Polish weather goddess mentioned by Jan Długosz.
Trot – character in Slovenian folklore. Together with his brother, Kresnik, he flew in a golden chariot. In one story, he decapitated Zhmij with a golden axe.
Zele – deity mentioned as worshipped by pagan Czechs mentioned by abbot Jan Neplach.
Zywie – goddess mentioned by Jan Długosz.
